Is the injury on your face related to Li Chaoya?
Take it easy everyone
I will explain in detail at the press conference
Hey, Mr. Wang Yang
Mr. Wang Yang
You haven't answered my question yet.
I'll wait for you in the stairwell.
Can you reveal it in advance?
What are you still doing with me?
Wang Yang, I am willing to fly away with you
That gold boss doesn't touch me
He's a psychopath.
He would make me lick all kinds of things
Every minute I spent with him
It's all suffering
Mr. Wang
Are you going to announce Miss Liffel's romance?
Rumor has it that Lee Phil
5 years ago with
The president of the zombie group has an improper relationship
Is this what you want to expose today?
Please be quiet
We will ask Mr. Wang to explain to you.
Li Phil
Is a good model
I hope you don't send it maliciously, thank you.
Hey.
What's the matter? You won't charge Li Phil, will you?
Like we're here to say this